c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Api.exe
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Api.deps.json
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Api.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Api.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Api.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\Api.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Api.pdb
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\Api.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\Api.StaticWebAssets.xml
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\Api.styles.css
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\Api.dll
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.pdb
c:\Users\facue\Documents\Facundo\Segundo Parcial prog3\Api\obj\Debug\net5.0\Api.genruntimeconfig.cache
